that coalesced reviews the footage kid
mailing the fuck out of it every damn
day of the week its scripts Toy Show
action inside a figure review
I am yeah house Evan he's a middle store
holy ball bagging bitch tits look at the
size of fuckface Freddie fish pods house
he invited me over to review his WWE
figures
this is Ebenezer middle score coming to
you live from fuckface Freddie fish
punch house this place is a mansion I
don't know how this motherfucker afford
it but we're gonna go review his
collection this should be really fun
open up fuckface Freddie fish farts oh
there he is
that's fuckface ready fish is that dog
gonna fight my balls holy shit there's a
dog getting upstairs
holy holy holy sheep shit I found your
figures yeah John Cena John Cena John Z
while you fucking have this John Cena
how many see this do you have here what
is there like three or ten yeah or
twelve or fourteen fifty you don't even
know I can see you have two of these
Elite Series 28 John Cena why do you
have two can you tell me why you have
two because I love them yeah with that
balcony I have a fantastic idea this is
gonna be funny shit you ready for this
oh yeah you do way do you see this give
me two John Cena's two of them it you
don't really give a shit about well I
can see you love them all but wait a
minute look you can see their fucking
heads are all chewed so who cares grab
the chewed up ones what does your dog
eat them I have a
for you why the fuck do you eat all of
his figures fuckface
cuz I'm an asshole come on answer the
huh yeah yeah I'm interviewing you you
fuck alright come on let's go upstairs I
am in the blasting zone please don't
fart on me because they smell like fish
you fucker
alright here we go ready this is gonna
be super exciting are you ready for this
shit break the fly you run just head so
now what did it
his leg is in the kitchen no it's not
could be a baby we were having fun are
you upset yeah I'm sorry crying I'm very
sorry I will buy you new ones
yay come on let's go check out the
damage let's see what happens
I have a question why is this one still
on the packaging here but um are you
going it's very valuable and I want to
keep them in the pan keys this is what
series 41 Bray Wyatt you can get this
from wrestling figures calm yeah did you
use this count go grab a check hey
that's all but sit I'm gonna turn it up
ready who gives a shit
hey you know we could do you know we can
do with these two this is gonna be
fantastic now we're gonna have a lagoon
match it's Cena versus inna cuz that's
all he has look the first one to get
thrown into the lagoon loses the match
believe it I think you want to open one
of these maybe we can open not really
now who gives a fuck
well let the dog ate it I'm gonna fuck
you video sorry please like this video
subscribe